Section 1:
We make software, hardware and learning platforms for music creation and performance.
People around the world are using them to do amazing things: moving crowds, starting scenes, inspiring classrooms - or taking their very first steps making music.

Section 2:
Making music isn’t always easy. But it's the highs and lows that make it so rewarding.
It feels natural for some, challenging for many, and meaningful for everyone who keeps going. Working at Ableton can feel the same way. Creative flow, achieving breakthroughs, the feeling of contributing to something bigger than ourselves - these are what we love about our work, and hope to bring to the music makers we serve. 

Section 3:
Why Ableton - Juanpe Bolivar
Ableton was founded in 1999 by the same people who run the company today. 
Over the years we've grown to over 350 people, working together on products like Live, Push, Move and Note. We've found new rhythms and ways of working over the years, but one thing hasn't changed: we're in it for the long run. We want to make great products that people can rely on for years of creative expression, and support them along the way.  

Section 4:
Everyone has something unique to contribute. 
We're artists and engineers, tech brains and designers, educators and researchers from over 30 different countries. We've learned that the best results come from diverse teams that can approach problems from more than one angle. There's much further to go, but we're committed to shaping an inclusive music-making culture from the inside. 

Section 5:

We help our people grow. 
Our colleagues get the resources they need to work their magic and flourish. Alongside internal and external training opportunities, we offer long-term mentoring and coaching on how to apply new skills. Plus, regular development, design and music salons provide a chance to discuss emerging technologies, new techniques and best practices. 

Section 6:
We want our colleagues to love it here. Since we're looking for great people from around the world, we'll help make your move as smooth as possible. 
We’ll lend a hand with relocation and paperwork where applicable, and if you’re joining us in Berlin we’ll even set you up with free language classes. Working in Germany means you'll get comprehensive health insurance for you and your family, as well as generous parental leave. Plus, you can expect a handful of company wide events and team get-togethers throughout the year. 

Section 7:
We're really proud of what we've done so far, but there's so much more to come. If you'd like to be a part of it, please join us. 
See job openings.
